In this kind of bonus module we'll dive into web components and web components will turn out to be an
exciting set of technologies actually that allow us to build our own custom HD Himmel elements.
Yes you heard this right.
The idea really is that you can build your own age team all elements with help of certain javascript
technologies.
Now in this module we'll therefore have a look at what exactly web components are which technologies
make up this term.
Web components will have a look at the basics at the core concepts we need to understand what it means
to build web components and how we build them and we'll of course also see all of that in practice by
building some example components.
Now one important note this module here actually contains content from my web components and Stansell
J.S. course which I released here on udemy.
Now it does not include the entire course of course because I do have a standalone core stair and discourse
has everything you need if you want to learn all about web components and especially also dive into
a tool stencil jazz which makes writing web components much easier.
In this module here will effectively have a look at the basics.
We'll have a look at the basics of web components will dive a bit deeper and we'll dive into debt more
complex web components module of that our course will not have a look at the other parts Stancil which
is a third party library that makes building web components easier because that would really take it
too far away from well what the focus of this causes and that of course is javascript and what we can
do with it.
Hence in this module we'll have to have that very thorough introduction to web components based on the
content off that course and by the end of this module you will therefore be able to build your own well
web components.